Chick: WE'VE BEEN WAITIN'
FOR THIS DAY A LONG TIME.
NOW IT'S HERE.
I KNOW. IT'S HARD
TO BELIEVE DA BOSS
IS ACTUALLY COMIN'.
OF COURSE HE'S COMING.
AFTER ALL, ALL OF THE PIECES
ARE FINALLY IN PLACE.
THEY WILL BE ONCE WE
ENACT THE PLAN, AT LEAST.
All: THERE'S NO STOPPING
THE DARK SCORPIONS NOW.
Man: LAND HO, DETECTIVE.
THAT'S ACADEMY ISLAND
RIGHT UP THERE.
TIME TO GO TO WORK.
♪ CHILLIN' OUT WITH
THE CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: WHAT'S UP,
ALEXIS?
HMM?
HOW'S YOUR BRO
ATTICUS DOING?
SO-SO.
I MEAN, HE'S OUT OF
THAT HOSPITAL BED NOW,
BUT HE STILL
CAN'T REMEMBER MUCH
OF WHAT HAPPENED.
I'M SURE HE'LL COME
AROUND SOON, ALEXIS.
HMM.
ANYWAY, WHAT
BRINGS YOU ALL OVER?
THE LAW, ACTUALLY.
HUH?
HMM?
GOOD AFTERNOON, MA'AM.
I'M DETECTIVE ZALOOG.
OK.
Banner: YOU SEE, ALEXIS,
SINCE 3 OF THE 7 SPIRIT KEYS
HAVE ALREADY BEEN TAKEN
BY THE SHADOW RIDERS
AND THE FATE OF THE WORLD RESTS
ON PROTECTING THE REMAINING 4,
THE ACADEMY THOUGHT IT BEST
TO CALL IN THE POLICE.
RIGHT HERE,
AROUND MY NECK.
SAME HERE.
YEAH.
SAME WITH ME.
OH, MY.
THAT'S EXACTLY WHAT
I WAS AFRAID OF.
YOU MAY THINK THAT'S
WHERE IT'S SAFEST,
BUT IT'S NOT,
FOR YOU SEE,
ALL THE SHADOW
DUELISTS HAVE TO DO
IS FIND YOU, AND
THEY FOUND THE KEY.
SO THE DETECTIVE
SUGGESTS WE ALL
HIDE OUR KEYS SOMEWHERE.
WHATEVER'S CLEVER,
I GUESS.
NOBODY'LL THINK
TO LOOK HERE.
YES.
JUST BE SURE, CHAZZ,
THAT YOU KEEP IT A SECRET.
[THUMP]
WHO'S THAT?
HMM?
OH, THAT'S JUST GORG.
HE'S THE JANITOR.
HMM. THERE.
THE JUNK DRAWER.
GOOD. NO ONE WILL
EVER FIND IT MIXED IN
WITH ALL THAT CLUTTER.
[SQUEAK]
HMM?
WHO'S THERE?
AAH!
OH, IT'S YOU.
WELL? WHO IS IT?
HEY, C.K.,
YOU LOST AGAIN?
YOUR ROOM IS
NEXT DOOR, REMEMBER?
OH. OH, YEAH.
C.K. IS A NEW
TRANSFER STUDENT.
HE'S KINDA
ON THE SLOW SIDE.
I LOVE DUELIN' HIM.
HMM.
WELL, THIS IS WHERE I KEEP
ALL MY OTHER VALUABLES.
THERE.
NICE WORK.
Meanae:
OH, SORRY.
I, UH, DIDN'T MEAN
TO DISTURB YOU ALL.
HUH? WHAT?
WHO IS THIS?
IT'S COOL.
SHE'S THE SCHOOL NURSE,
NO ONE TO WORRY ABOUT.
I BET YOUR SPIRIT KEY
WILL BE SAFE THERE,
PROFESSOR BANNER.
WHAT MAKES YA
THINK THAT, CHUMLEY,
THE FACT THAT
IT'S CALLED A SAFE?
HUH?
WAIT.
WHO'S THAT OVER THERE?
OH, THAT'S JUST CLIFF
THE SECURITY GUARD.
IF ANYTHING,
HE'LL MAKE IT EVEN MORE SAFE.
[YAWNS]
WELL, I SUPPOSE WE CAN
GO TO SLEEP SOUNDLY NOW.
Zaloog: YES, QUITE SOUNDLY.
NOW, CHILDREN, GET TO BED.
YOU ALL MUST BE EXHAUSTED.
[ALL SNORING]
Zaloog: AND IT IS DONE.
ALL THE SPIRIT KEYS
ARE OURS.
Meanae: SO WHY AREN'T
THE GATES OPENING?
Gorg: YEAH. DAT'S DA ONLY
WAY WE CAN GET TO THOSE
SACRED BEAST CARDS.
Chick: WE MUST HAVE
TO DO SOMETHING ELSE.
Zaloog: AND I'LL BET
THOSE CHILDREN KNOW WHAT.
SO MUCH FOR DOING THIS
THE NICE WAY.
HUH?
[NO AUDIO]
UH, MORONS?
SEE THESE LITTLE THINGS
IN MY EARS?
THEY'RE EAR PLUGS.
NOW START OVER.
YOUR KEY,
IT'S VANISHED,
CHAZZ.
LOOK.
WHAT IN THE--
NO. IT CAN'T BE.
IT'S GONE. HOW?
THOSE THINGS
IN YOUR EARS,
THEY MAKE IT SO YOU CAN'T
HEAR DOORS BEING KICKED IN.
IT LOOKS LIKE
THEY'RE BACK.
Both: THE SHADOW RIDERS.
COME ON.
WE HAVE TO TELL EVERYONE.
SO ALL YOUR KEYS
ARE GONE, TOO?
YES, I'M
AFRAID SO.
SEE, JADEN?
AND THEY WEREN'T
WEARING EARPLUGS.
Zaloog:
WE'LL FIGURE THIS OUT.
Banner: DETECTIVE ZALOOG,
WHAT'S GOING ON?
I ROUNDED UP
SOME SUSPECTS
TO HELP GET TO
THE BOTTOM OF THIS
MOST SERIOUS CRIME.
SO YOU'LL
QUESTION THEM?
IN DUE TIME,
AFTER I POSE A FEW QUESTIONS
TO YOU FIRST.
HUH. WHATEVER.
AFTER ALL, HE'S
THE DETECTIVE, RIGHT?
WRONG.
HUH?
SOMETHING'S UP.
WHAT'S UP?
CHAZZ, LET'S LET
HIM DO HIS JOB.
SORRY, BUT THIS HERE IS A JOB
FOR CHAZZ PRINCETON.
HUH?
NOW, EVERYONE WHO KNEW
WHERE THOSE KEYS WERE
IS IN THIS ROOM.
SO THAT
MEANS THE THIEF
HAS TO BE, TOO.
YEAH, I GUESS,
BUT HOW WILL WE FIND HIM?
I MEAN, WON'T WE
NEED EVIDENCE?
YOU KNOW, I DID
SEE A PRESS-ON NAIL
ON MY BEDROOM FLOOR.
UH-OH.
A PRESS-ON NAIL?
THAT SOUNDS LIKE
A VERY PROMISING CLUE, LEX.
SO WHERE'S
THE PRESS-ON NAIL NOW?
I, UH, KINDA THREW IT
IN THE GARBAGE.
THE GARBAGE?
WELL, THERE GOES
THAT LEAD.
YEAH.
GUESS I GOOFED.
I GOT ONE.
THERE WAS A SET OF
FOOTPRINTS LEADING
RIGHT UP TO MY SAFE.
OH!
THAT'S PERFECT,
PROFESSOR BANNER.
WHAT SIZE SHOE WAS IT?
WHAT WAS THE STYLE
OF THE SHOE TREAD?
I KIND OF
VACUUMED IT UP.
YA KNOW, THERE WAS A HOLE
IN THE WALL OF OUR ROOM.
IT'S TRUE.
AND LET ME GUESS,
SLACKER.
YOU'VE ALREADY
SEALED IT BACK UP.
WELL, UH, KIND OF.
YOU GUYS ARE
REALLY SOMETHING.
HEY, THANKS.
WE DO WHAT WE CAN.
YOU SURE DO.
UH...
Banner: WELL,
WITHOUT ANY EVIDENCE,
I GUESS WE WON'T KNOW
WHO DID IT.
HE DID IT...AND HIM...
AND HIM...AND HER.
AAH!
Chick: UH, AND YOU'RE
BASING THIS ON WHAT?
YEAH.
YOU HEARD EVERYONE.
THERE'S NO PROOF.
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING ON US.
OH, DON'T I?
WHAT?
LOOK. HOW ABOUT
I ASK THE QUESTIONS?
HMPH. HOW ABOUT...
WE HEAR FROM THEM?
HA HA HA!
SEE, WHEN WE HID
EACH OF THE SPIRIT KEYS,
I HID ONE OF THESE CARDS
WITH THEM.
THE 3 OF THEM ARE KIND OF
MY EYES AND EARS
WHEN I'M NOT AROUND...
AND IN MY DORM ROOM,
I HAD ALL OF THESE WATCHING YOU.
THE POINT IS,
THEY ALL SAW WHO DID IT.
CAUGHT YA
RED-HANDED.
SOITENLY DID.
YOU'RE SO BUSTED.
WHO TOLD YOU
WHAT?
REALLY. I'M LOST.
All: WHERE ARE THESE
SO-CALLED WITNESSES?
HA HA HA!
WELL, MAYBE YOU CAN'T SEE THEM,
BUT I CAN,
AND I KNOW THEY'RE
BEHIND THIS, DETECTIVE.
HA HA HA!
YOU'RE MISTAKEN.
IT'S NOT JUST THEM.
IT'S ME, TOO.
WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT,
MY CHILDREN.
ALL OF US
ARE IN ON IT.
WE ARE
THE CRIMINAL RING
KNOWN AS...
All: THE DARK SCORPIONS.
All: UH, SORRY.
NEVER HEARD OF YOU.
OF COURSE
YOU HAVEN'T.
WE'VE BEEN
DEEP UNDERCOVER
AT YOUR SCHOOL
FOR YEARS NOW,
WAITING
FOR OUR CHANCE
TO NAB THOSE KEYS...
All: AND NOW, THE SCORPIONS
FINALLY HAVE THEM.
SO?
TO USE THEM,
YOU'LL STILL HAVE
TO BEAT ME IN A DUEL.
SO BRING IT ON.
WHY YOU?
I'LL DUEL.
I'LL TAKE THEM ON.
OR PROFESSOR BANNER
COULD.
OH, I'LL SIT
THIS ONE OUT.
OF COURSE.
THAT'S IT--
WHY THE KEYS
DIDN'T WORK.
HA!
WE HAVE TO BEAT THEM
IN A DUEL.
GOT THAT RIGHT.
SO LET'S GO,
SHADOW RIDER.
HMM.
[CHUCKLES]
DUEL.
I'LL WIN THIS AS EASY
AS I STOLE YOUR KEYS.
FIRST, I'LL SUMMON
GOLEM SENTRY IN DEFENSE MODE.
NEXT, I PLACE
A CARD FACE DOWN.
THAT'LL DO FOR NOW.
MY TURN. HAH!
I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
FIEND'S SANCTUARY.
WITH THIS CARD, I CAN
SUMMON A METAL FIEND
TOKEN TO THE FIELD,
AND NOW I'LL SACRIFICE
MY FIEND TOKEN
TO BRING OUT
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 5.
GO, ARMED DRAGON.
USE THOSE ARMS TO
DESTROY THAT GOLEM.
SPIKED SPINNER.
AAH!
ALL RIGHT...
AND FOR MY NEXT MOVE,
I'M GONNA PLACE
TWO FACEDOWNS.
THEN I'LL USE
MY DRAGON'S ABILITY,
AND IT'S A BIG ONE.
[ALL GASP]
GOT THAT RIGHT.
ON THE TURN
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 5
WINS A FIGHT,
WELL, THEN YOU CAN
TRADE HIM IN...
FOR A LEVEL 7.
Zaloog: LEVEL HIM UP
ALL YOU WANT.
IT WON'T MATTER,
AND YOU'RE ABOUT TO SEE WHY.
FIRST, I PLAY
POT OF GREED.
IT LETS ME DRAW
TWO MORE CARDS FROM MY DECK.
HMM.
AH, JUST
WHAT I WANTED--
THE ONE AND ONLY
DON ZALOOG...
[ALL GASP]
AND WHEN I SAY
ONE AND ONLY,
I REALLY MEAN IT
BECAUSE, MY CHILDREN,
I AM HIM.
WAIT. SO...
HE'S A CARD?
WHOA.
NOT JUST ME.
WITH THIS, MUSTERING
OF THE DARK SCORPIONS,
I CAN SUMMON
ALL OF THEM.
THAT'S RIGHT--
ALL THE DARK SCORPIONS
IN MY HAND
COME JOIN ME
ON THE FIELD NOW.
SCORPION ROLL CALL.
ROLLS? WHO'S GOT THE ROLLS?
WHERE ARE DA ROLLS?
HE MEANS
SAY YOUR NAME, GORG.
I'M MEANAE THE THORN.
THE NAME IS CLIFF
THE TRAP REMOVER.
GUESS HOW I REMOVE 'EM.
I'M
CHICK THE YELLOW.
I'M 6 FOOT
WHEN I JUMP UP.
All: AND TOGETHER,
WE'RE THE DARK SCORPIONS.
[THINKING]
LOSERS.
NOW I'LL PLAY A TRAP.
HMM.
YOU SEE,
ON THE FIRST TURN
THAT ALL
THE DARK SCORPIONS
ARE OUT,
THIS TRAP ALLOWS EACH OF US
TO ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY,
AND FOR EVERY ONE
OF THOSE ATTACKS,
YOU'LL LOSE
400 LIFE POINTS.
NOW LET HIM HAVE IT--
DARK SCORPION COMBINATION.
YAH!
TAKE THIS--
THORN WHIP.
DOUBLE BLAST ATTACK.
SCORPION SLICE.
MALLET MASH.
HAMMER HAMMER.
AH!
OHH!
UH!
YAAH! AAH!
THIS ISN'T HOW YOU
WANNA START A DUEL.
HA HA HA!
AND THERE'S MORE, TOO,
FOR YOU SEE, CHAZZ,
NOW OUR SPECIAL ABILITIES
GO INTO EFFECT AGAINST YOU.
SAY WHAT?
THAT'S RIGHT.
SO FIRST A MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD
MUST RETURN TO THE TOP
OF YOUR DECK.
AND THEN NEXT,
A CARD ON YOUR FIELD
RETURNS TO YOUR HAND.
Cliff: THERE'S MORE.
THE TOP TWO CARDS
ON YOUR DECK,
THEY GO TO THE GRAVE.
AND THEN ONE CARD
IN YOUR HAND IS DESTROYED.
AND FINALLY, A CARD WITH
"DARK SCORPION" IN ITS NAME,
CAN BE ADDED TO OUR HAND
FROM THE GRAVEYARD.
AND I'LL PICK THIS--
DARK SCORPION COMBINATION,
THE CARD THAT
STARTED IT ALL,
AND NOW
IT'LL END IT ALL.
STAY TOUGH, CHAZZ.
YOU CAN BEAT
THESE GUYS.
HELLO?
OF COURSE I CAN.
NOW BE QUIET AND LET
THE CHAZZ DO HIS THING.
I PLAY
LEVEL MODULATION.
NOW YOU GET TO DRAW
TWO CARDS,
AND I GET TO SUMMON
FROM THE GRAVE
A HIGH-LEVEL MONSTER
WITHOUT PAYING A DIME,
AND I CHOOSE
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 7.
[ROARS]
UGH, HIM AGAIN?
YOU GIVE ME NO CHOICE
BUT TO PLAY
TWO FACE DOWNS THEN.
I HATE IT
WHEN THIS GUY
PLAYS FACE DOWNS.
I HEAR YA, SYRUS.
THIS SHOULD
BE INTERESTING.
IT'S MY TURN,
AND FIRST,
ARMED DRAGON LEVEL 7's
EFFECT ACTIVATES.
NOW, BY SENDING
ONE MONSTER CARD
IN MY HAND TO THE GRAVE,
MONSTERS
WITH ATTACK POINTS
EQUAL OR FEWER
THAN MY DISCARDED ONE
ARE DESTROYED,
AND THE CARD
I'M DISCARDING IS
DESPAIR FROM THE DARK--
2,800 ATTACK POINTS.
HOLD IT.
I PLAY A TRAP--
RETREAT OF
THE DARK SCORPIONS.
NOW ALL DARK SCORPIONS
ON THE FIELD RETREAT
TO MY HAND.
FINE.
I'LL ATTACK DIRECTLY.
ARMED DRAGON,
GO GET HIM.
DRAGON SONIC SPHERE.
OHH!
YAAH! AAH!
All: OH, NO.
HOW DARE HE STRIKE
THE BOSS LIKE THAT.
DON'T YOU WORRY.
WE'LL GET HIM BACK.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACE DOWN
AND END MY TURN.
ONE LUCKY MOVE--
THAT'S ALL--
BUT IT WON'T MATTER.
IT ENDS HERE.
I SUMMON MYSELF,
DON ZALOOG, AGAIN.
[GASPS]
HA HA HA!
THEN I'LL PLAY MUSTERING
OF THE DARK SCORPIONS.
WELCOME BACK, TEAM.
YEAH!
YEAH.
SORRY.
THEY'RE NOT
BACK YET.
I PLAY OJAMA TRIO.
OH.
WAAH!
HUH?
Cliff: HEY, WAIT A SEC.
WHY ARE THEY ON OUR FIELD?
SO THAT YOU ALL
CAN'T BE.
SEE, OJAMA TRIO
CREATES
OJAMA TOKENS,
AND THEY
TAKE UP 3 OF
YOUR MONSTER SLOTS,
AND WHEN DESTROYED,
YOU LOSE
300 LIFE POINTS.
RRGH!
SORRY, PAL.
THANKS
FOR HAVIN' US.
I JUST LOVE HOT CHOCOLATE.
SO WE CAN'T COME OUT?
NO FAIR.
I CAN.
GO ON, BOSS.
DO WHAT YOU
HAVE TO DO.
MEANAE, I'LL NEVER
FORGET YOU FOR THIS.
I PLAY DARK SCORPION
TRAGEDY OF LOVE.
WHEN DON ZALOOG
AND MEANAE THE THORN
ARE ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SEND MEANAE TO
THE GRAVEYARD TO DESTROY
ALL OF YOUR MONSTERS.
AVENGE ME, BOSS.
AVENGE ME!
RRGH! I SURE WILL.
I ATTACK YOU DIRECTLY.
DOUBLE BLAST ATTACK.
AND NOW,
MY SPECIAL ABILITY
ACTIVATES.
YOU HAVE TO DISCARD
ONE RANDOM CARD
FROM YOUR HAND.
ACTUALLY, IT'D BE
MY PLEASURE...
HUH?
CUZ THE ONLY CARD IN
MY HAND IS OJAMAGIC,
AND WHEN THIS CARD IS
SENT TO THE GRAVEYARD,
WELL, THEN OJAMA YELLOW,
GREEN, AND BLACK
ALL COME TO MY HAND.
BRING 'EM OUT.
THEY DON'T SCARE ME.
YEAH. WELL, WE'LL
SEE WHAT I CAN DO
TO CHANGE THAT.
MY TURN.
GO, POT OF GREED,
AND NEXT, I PLAY
POLYMERIZATION.
SCARED YET?
YOU WILL BE.
DO YOUR THING,
OJAMAS.
YOU'VE GOT IT.
TIME TO SHOW
THESE NUMBSKULLS.
IT SOITENLY IS.
OOH!
OJAMA KING.
UH, WHAT IS THIS?
[OJAMAS CHEERING]
OHH...
HA HA HA!
NOW I PLAY MY SPELL
CARD--OJAMUSCLE.
UHH...
Ojama King: OJAMA TOKENS,
COME TO DADDY.
AH.
AAH!
Ojama Yellow:
IN WE GO! OOH!
Chazz: OJAMUSCLE DESTROYS
ALL OJAMA MONSTERS OUT,
AND FOR EVERY ONE
THAT'S DESTROYED,
KING GAINS
1,000 ATTACK POINTS,
OH, AND SINCE THOSE
WERE OJAMA TOKENS
THAT WERE DESTROYED,
YOU NOW LOSE
900 LIFE POINTS...
AND NOW KING'S
ATTACK POINTS
WILL RISE
TO 3,000.
NOW GO, OJAMA KING.
ATTACK DON WITH
FLYING BELLY FLOP
DROP.
UH...
INCOMING!
Zaloog: YOW!
ALL RIGHT!
YOU WON.
WAY TO DUEL, CHAZZ.
BYE-BYE.
NO. THIS CAN'T BE.
WE CAN'T LOSE.
WE'RE
THE DARK SCORPIONS.
STAY STRONG.
[BOTH GASP]
WELL, GUYS, GUESS THAT'S
ONE LESS SHADOW RIDER
WE HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT.
WELL, I SAY
GOOD RIDDANCE.
THAT'S WHAT YOU GET
FOR TRYING TO STEAL.
YES, AND NOW
THE SPIRIT KEYS
ARE BACK IN SAFE HANDS.
BUT WHERE'S
DON ZALOOG
AND THE OTHER
SCORPIONS?
DON'T KNOW,
BUT CHAZZ SEEMS
CONCERNED.
WONDER WHY.
HMM.
HMPH.
YOU SURE KNOW HOW TO
THROW A GOOD PARTY,
OJAMA YELLOW.
Ojama Yellow:
AND WE'RE GOING ALL NIGHT.
Meanae: HEY,
WHERE'S OJAMA KING?
YEAH.
HE COMES LATE.
LIKES TO MAKE A BIG ENTRANCE.
THAT'S DYNAMITE.